Updates for 3.15.2 branch (#620)
fusioncharts/dev_centre_docs: upgrading/change-log.md

<p class="release-date">2020</p>

> 

Reviewer: New Feature section is missing - It should be present and FC 12 - Events support in chord diagram should be included there.

Author: Added

> <h4>Fixes</h4>

Reviewer: - FC 8 is missing

> - In Marimekko chart, using `yAxisValueDecimal` now works properly when `setAdaptiveYMin` and `forceYAxisValueDecimals` are enabled.

Reviewer: This fix is valid for more than 70+ chart types with cartesian axis, not just the marimekko chart. Also the fix description can be better something link: `For cartesian axis charts, `yAxisValueDecimal` attribute now works properly when `setAdaptiveYMin` and `forceYAxisValueDecimals` attributes are enabled.`

Author: changed

- Decimal and thousand separator attributes now work properly on Marimekko chart. 

> - For all 2D and 3D bar chart variants, the fontSize attribute now works properly when set with a numeric value. Earlier a JS error was thrown.

Reviewer: I think it should be `For all 2D and 3D column and bar chart variants, the `fontSize` and `labelFontSize` attributes now work properly when set to a string and numeric value. Earlier a JS error was thrown when numeric value was set.

Author: changed

- The task labels are now displayed properly in Gannt charts and are available on further horizontal scrolling. Previously, the task label overlapped with the vertical scroll bar. 

- The attribute `seriesname` of a dataset is now working properly for charts rendered in IE 11 browser. Earlier, the usage of 1 {br} tag was considered as 2 {br} tags in IE 11 browser.

> - The event handlers `chartRollOver` and `chartRollOut`are now working properly when multiple charts are present on a web page. Earlier, upon multiple instances of hover over each other one of the charts stopped invoking the hover events and threw a JS error. 

Reviewer: This is slightly incorrect. The situation was when multiple charts are present on page web with `chartRollOver` and `chartRollOut` events handled by a common handler function then upon multiple instances of hover charts threw JS error and stopped invoking the events.

Author: changed

> - When using stacked charts, the macros `$sum` and `$unformattedSum` are now working properly for customized tooltips.Previously, the `$sum` and `$unformattedSum` macros were returning an incorrect value.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using stacked charts, the macros `$sum` and `$unformattedSum` are now working properly for customized tooltips.Previously, the `$sum` and `$unformattedSum` macros were returning an incorrect value for zero-valued data plot.
```

Author: changed

> - The "%" symbol is now displayed properly in situations where the trendline value coincides with the div line value of the yAxis of 100percent stacked charts. Earlier the "%" symbol was not visible in such situations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `%` symbol is now displayed properly in situations where the trendline value coincides with the yAxis div line value for 100percent stacked charts. Earlier the `%` symbol was not visible in such situations.
```

Author: changed

> <h4>Improvements</h4>

Reviewer: FC 8 (RED-8906) is missing, please add it in improvements section.

Reviewer: @Eric-revollo This has been added to **Fixes** section, please move it to **Improvements** section.

> - The space between legend items has been decreased in order to provide an improved visualization of data plots. 

Reviewer: Data plot and legends are two different components on chart canvas and this issue was specifically for IE browser and we should mention the same.
```suggestion
- The spacing between legend items is improved now for IE 11. Previously, the spacing was little peculiar as white-space was being considered as a line break and `<br>` tag was considered twice.
```

The space between legend items has been decreased in order to provide an improved visualization of data plots.

Author: according to PRD suggested text looks like  for FC 7: Legend item alignment issue in IE 11 browser

> - When exporting spark charts to a CSV file, the exported csv data displays now displays column headers. Previously, the header was not included in the CSV file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When exporting spark charts as a CSV file or CSV data using `getCSVData()` or `getChartData('csv')` methods, the exported CSV now displays column headers. Previously, the column headers were not included.
```

Author: changed

- Plot events and tooltips work properly with CSS 2D transformations like rotate, skew, skewX, skewY, matrix, or any combination of them.

- Crossline tooltips on zoomLine and zoomLineDY charts now display sorted values in decreasing order.

- Using the `isRaw` boolean property `getJSONData()` and `getChartData()` now return property names in the same format as defined in the dataSource.

> - The space between legend items has been decreased in order to provide an improved visualization of data plots. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: This one should be meant for FC 8: Spacing concerns in legend items

Reviewer: Actually for FC 8 the correct description would be: `Going by the principles of data visualisation we have improved the data ink ratio for legends in charts to avoid unexpected space between legend items.`
